Klay Thompson's big scoring night leads Warriors past Mavs

By JANIE McCAULEY
Posted Jan 28 2016 1:56AM
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) More often than not, Klay Thompson takes a backseat to NBA MVP Stephen Curry without a complaint.
Yet Thompson felt for weeks it was his turn for a big game.
On a night when Curry had a modest performance at best, Thompson took over.
He scored a season-high 45 points, Curry got going after halftime and so did the Golden State Warriors, who avenged one of their four losses this season by beating the Dallas Mavericks 127-107 on Wednesday night.
"Klay doesn't seem to have a care in the world, so that translates in a lot of different ways," coach Steve Kerr said, praising Thompson for how he moved without the ball.
"It means it doesn't bother him too much when he misses shots, so he keeps shooting, which we want him to do. It also means he's fine taking a backseat to Steph. It works well. ... There always has to be a little bit of a pecking order in the NBA. Klay's personality suits that second option."
Curry hit three quick 3-pointers after intermission as Golden State overcame a sluggish first half, and he finished with 14 points on a night the Warriors' role players and bench provided a balanced effort.
Thompson had his second 40-point game of the season and sixth of his career, shooting 14 of 20, 7 for 12 on 3-pointers and making all 10 of his free throws. He had five rebounds and two blocks.
"It was nice to see the ball go in a lot. I felt like I was due for a game like that the last couple weeks," Thompson said.
Chandler Parsons scored 23 points for Dallas, which handed the Warriors their second loss of the season, 114-91 on Dec. 30 - but without Curry because of a lower left leg injury. It was Golden State's largest loss of the four.
After going 1 for 8 in the first half and missing his first four from long range, Curry connected for his first 3 early in the third and had his team rolling again right away.
The Warriors ran their regular-season winning streak at Oracle Arena to 40 games, including 22-0 this season.
"That's ridiculous," Thompson said. "I can't believe that, that's a lot of wins. We love to protect this home court. The fans deserve it."
The Warriors tied the Orlando Magic for second-longest home unbeaten run in NBA history behind the Chicago Bulls' 44 from March 30, 1995, to April 4, 1996. Golden State hasn't lost at home in one calendar year, since falling 113-111 to Chicago on Jan. 27, 2015. The Warriors also dished out 30 assists for a fifth straight game, first to do so since the 1994-95 Magic.
Kerr went with a super-small lineup in the second quarter, and that was without Curry on the court. Golden State won its sixth in a row against Dallas at Oracle, shy of its seven-game unbeaten run at home in the series from 1991-94.
The Warriors had 30-point wins in three of their previous four games, including 120-90 against the Spurs on Monday night.
"They have so many good shooters, so many good cutters and movers," Parsons said. "You almost have to pick your poison with them."
Dallas star Dirk Nowitzki had the night off to rest following a 92-90 road win at the Lakers on Tuesday.
ALL-STAR RESERVES
Kerr said he considers Draymond Green "automatic" and is hopeful Thompson gets a spot when All-Star reserves are announced Thursday.
"I think winning should be accounted for when you make your All-Star selections," Kerr said. "I think Klay deserves to be there - not only because of the way he's played, but also because of the way the team has played."
TIP-INS
Mavericks: G Devin Harris missed his second straight game with a strain in his left big toe that required an injection Tuesday, while C Zaza Pachulia sat out his third in a row because of an injured right Achilles tendon. ... Former Stanford star Dwight Powell had 11 points and five rebounds.
Warriors: Curry moved into eighth place on the franchise scoring list. ... F Kevon Looney made his NBA debut, the 11th former UCLA player to wear a Golden State uniform. He had two points and two rebounds, scoring on his first attempt, was given the game ball afterward and asked by Green to make a speech. ... Curry has hit 34 straight free throws. ... C Festus Ezeli sat out with a sore left knee that required an MRI exam Tuesday following Monday night's win against San Antonio. ... Kerr might rest some players during this stretch before the Feb. 14 All-Star Game in Toronto. "It's a balance," he said.
UP NEXT
Mavericks: Host Brooklyn on Friday.
Warriors: At Philadelphia on Saturday.